README.md, before:

# Azure Batch AI

Welcome to our documenting page at https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/batch-ai

## Updates

03.20.2018 You can find examples of using Java SDK with Batch AI at [Azure Samples GitHub](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/batchai-java-run-batchai-job)

03.20.2018 You can find examples of using C# SDK with Batch AI at [Azure Samples GitHub](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/batchai-dotnet-run-batchai-job)

02.16.2018 Published [Azure Batch AI environment variables](/documentation/using-batchai-environment-variables.md)

02.02.2018 Published a [schema](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/BatchAI/master/schemas/2017-09-01-preview/job.json) for job configuration file validation.  

01.12.2018 Published [NVIDIA DGX Container Registry usage instructions](/documentation/using-nvidia-dgx-container-registry.md)

11.15.2017 Java SDK is [available](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.microsoft.azure/azure-mgmt-batchai)

11.08.2017 Node.js SDK is [available](https://www.npmjs.com/package/azure-arm-batchai)

10.11.2017 C# Nuget package Microsoft.Azure.Management.BatchAI is available on nuget.org.

10.09.2017 Azure BatchAI starts public preview on October 9th, 2017!

## Batch AI Recipes 

We have created [recipes](/recipes/) for popular AI frameworks to help you get started with Batch AI and submit jobs without being an expert on Azure compute, storage, and networking.  

[Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit](/recipes/CNTK/)

[TensorFlow](/recipes/TensorFlow/)

[Chainer/ChainerMN](/recipes/Chainer/)

[Caffe](/recipes/Caffe/)

[Caffe2](/recipes/Caffe2/)

[Horovod](/recipes/Horovod)

[PyTorch](/recipes/PyTorch)

[Keras](/recipes/Keras/)

We also host recipes for advanced topics including:

[Batch-Scoring](/recipes/Batch-Scoring)

[Hyperparameter Tuning](/recipes/Hyperparameters)

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Help or Feedback
--------------------
If you have any problems or questions, you can reach the Batch AI team at [AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com](mailto:AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com) or you can create an issue on GitHub.

We also welcome your contributions of additional sample notebooks, scripts, or other examples of working with Batch AI.

Commit message:

Added the standard deprecation banner
Batch AI is being deprecated. This banner should appear on all Batch AI documentation until the service is finally turned off completely.

README.md, after:

# Azure Batch AI

> Note: **Azure Batch AI is being retired.** Support for this service will be retired incrementally. The capabilities of Azure Batch AI are now available as a managed compute target in Azure Machine Learning service. For more information, see [What's happening to Batch AI?](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/batch-ai/overview-what-happened-to-batch-ai)

Welcome to our documenting page at https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/batch-ai

## Updates

03.20.2018 You can find examples of using Java SDK with Batch AI at [Azure Samples GitHub](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/batchai-java-run-batchai-job)

03.20.2018 You can find examples of using C# SDK with Batch AI at [Azure Samples GitHub](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/batchai-dotnet-run-batchai-job)

02.16.2018 Published [Azure Batch AI environment variables](/documentation/using-batchai-environment-variables.md)

02.02.2018 Published a [schema](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/BatchAI/master/schemas/2017-09-01-preview/job.json) for job configuration file validation.  

01.12.2018 Published [NVIDIA DGX Container Registry usage instructions](/documentation/using-nvidia-dgx-container-registry.md)

11.15.2017 Java SDK is [available](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.microsoft.azure/azure-mgmt-batchai)

11.08.2017 Node.js SDK is [available](https://www.npmjs.com/package/azure-arm-batchai)

10.11.2017 C# Nuget package Microsoft.Azure.Management.BatchAI is available on nuget.org.

10.09.2017 Azure BatchAI starts public preview on October 9th, 2017!

## Batch AI Recipes 

We have created [recipes](/recipes/) for popular AI frameworks to help you get started with Batch AI and submit jobs without being an expert on Azure compute, storage, and networking.  

[Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit](/recipes/CNTK/)

[TensorFlow](/recipes/TensorFlow/)

[Chainer/ChainerMN](/recipes/Chainer/)

[Caffe](/recipes/Caffe/)

[Caffe2](/recipes/Caffe2/)

[Horovod](/recipes/Horovod)

[PyTorch](/recipes/PyTorch)

[Keras](/recipes/Keras/)

We also host recipes for advanced topics including:

[Batch-Scoring](/recipes/Batch-Scoring)

[Hyperparameter Tuning](/recipes/Hyperparameters)

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA-bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Help or Feedback
--------------------
If you have any problems or questions, you can reach the Batch AI team at [AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com](mailto:AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com) or you can create an issue on GitHub.

We also welcome your contributions of additional sample notebooks, scripts, or other examples of working with Batch AI.
