recipes/CNTK/Readme.md, before:

# CNTK

The Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit (https://cntk.ai), is a unified deep-learning toolkit that describes neural networks as a series of computational steps via a directed graph. CNTK can be included as a library in your Python, C#, or C++ programs, or used as a standalone machine learning tool through its own model description language (BrainScript). 

See official CNTK GitHub page (https://github.com/Microsoft/CNTK/).

#### [CNTK-GPU-Python](./CNTK-GPU-Python)
This CNTK-GPU-Python recipe contains information on how to run Python CNTK learning job on a GPU VM.

#### [CNTK-GPU-Python-Distributed](./CNTK-GPU-Python-Distributed)
This CNTK-GPU-Python-Distributed] recipe contains information on how to run Python CNTK learning job on GPU VMs, including execution across multiple compute nodes and multiple GPUs.

#### [CNTK-GPU-BrainScript](./CNTK-GPU-BrainScript)
This CNTK-GPU-BrainScript recipe contains information on how to run CNTK learning job on a GPU VM with BrainScript configuration file.

#### [CNTK-GPU-BrainScript-Distributed](./CNTK-GPU-BrainScript-Distributed)
This CNTK-GPU-BrainScript-Distributedrecipe contains information on how to run Python CNTK learning job on GPU VMs with BrainScript configuration file, including execution across multiple compute nodes and multiple GPUs.

## Help or Feedback
--------------------
If you have any problems or questions, you can reach the Batch AI team at [AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com](mailto:AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com) or you can create an issue on GitHub.

We also welcome your contributions of additional sample notebooks, scripts, or other examples of working with Batch AI.

Commit message:

Add CNTK-GPU-Python-Distrbuted-Infiniband recipe

recipes/CNTK/Readme.md, after:

# CNTK

The Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit (https://cntk.ai), is a unified deep-learning toolkit that describes neural networks as a series of computational steps via a directed graph. CNTK can be included as a library in your Python, C#, or C++ programs, or used as a standalone machine learning tool through its own model description language (BrainScript). 

See official CNTK GitHub page (https://github.com/Microsoft/CNTK/).

#### [CNTK-GPU-Python](./CNTK-GPU-Python)
This CNTK-GPU-Python recipe contains information on how to run Python CNTK learning job on a GPU VM.

#### [CNTK-GPU-Python-Distributed](./CNTK-GPU-Python-Distributed)
This CNTK-GPU-Python-Distributed] recipe contains information on how to run Python CNTK learning job on GPU VMs, including execution across multiple compute nodes and multiple GPUs.

#### [CNTK-GPU-Python-Distrbuted-Infiniband](./CNTK-GPU-Python-Distrbuted-Infiniband)
This CNTK-GPU-Python-Distributed] recipe contains information on how to run Python CNTK learning job on GPU VMs, including execution across multiple compute nodes and multiple GPUs connected by Infiniband networks.

#### [CNTK-GPU-BrainScript](./CNTK-GPU-BrainScript)
This CNTK-GPU-BrainScript recipe contains information on how to run CNTK learning job on a GPU VM with BrainScript configuration file.

#### [CNTK-GPU-BrainScript-Distributed](./CNTK-GPU-BrainScript-Distributed)
This CNTK-GPU-BrainScript-Distributedrecipe contains information on how to run Python CNTK learning job on GPU VMs with BrainScript configuration file, including execution across multiple compute nodes and multiple GPUs.

## Help or Feedback
--------------------
If you have any problems or questions, you can reach the Batch AI team at [AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com](mailto:AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com) or you can create an issue on GitHub.

We also welcome your contributions of additional sample notebooks, scripts, or other examples of working with Batch AI.
