recipes/TensorFlow/TensorFlow-GPU/Readme.md, before:

# Tensorflow GPU

This example demonstrate how to run standard TensorFlow sample (https://github.com/tensorflow/models/blob/master/tutorials/image/mnist/convolutional.py) on an Azure Batch AI cluster of one node.

## Details

- For demonstration purposes, official convolutional.py will be deployed at Azure File Share;
- Standard output of the job and the model will be stored on Azure File Share;


## Instructions to Run Recipe

### Jupyter Notebook

You can find Jupyter Notebook for this sample in [TensorFlow-GPU.ipynb](./TensorFlow-GPU.ipynb).

### Azure CLI 2.0

Under Construction...


## Help or Feedback
--------------------
If you have any problems or questions, you can reach the Batch AI team at [AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com](mailto:AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com) or you can create an issue on GitHub.

We also welcome your contributions of additional sample notebooks, scripts, or other examples of working with Batch AI.

Commit message:

Azure CLI 2.0 instructions for TensorFlow

recipes/TensorFlow/TensorFlow-GPU/Readme.md, after:

# Tensorflow GPU

This example demonstrate how to run standard TensorFlow sample (https://github.com/tensorflow/models/blob/master/tutorials/image/mnist/convolutional.py) on an Azure Batch AI cluster of one node.

## Details

- For demonstration purposes, official convolutional.py will be deployed at Azure File Share;
- Standard output of the job and the model will be stored on Azure File Share;


## Instructions to Run Recipe

### Jupyter Notebook

You can find Jupyter Notebook for this recipe in [TensorFlow-GPU.ipynb](./TensorFlow-GPU.ipynb).

### Azure CLI 2.0

You can find Azure CLI 2.0 instructions for this recipe in [cli-instructions.md](./cli-instructions.md).


## Help or Feedback
--------------------
If you have any problems or questions, you can reach the Batch AI team at [AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com](mailto:AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com) or you can create an issue on GitHub.

We also welcome your contributions of additional sample notebooks, scripts, or other examples of working with Batch AI.
