recipes/Keras/Keras-DSVM/Readme.md, before:

# Keras DSVM

This recipe shows how to run Keras using Batch AI on DSVM. DSVM supports tensorflow, cntk and theano backends for running Keras. Currently only tensorflow and cntk backends supports running on GPU.

## Details

- DSVM has Keras framework preinstalled;
- Standard keras sample script [mnist_cnn.py](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fchollet/keras/master/examples/mnist_cnn.py) is used;
- The script downloads the standard MNIST Database on its own;
- Standard output of the job will be stored on Azure File Share.

## Instructions to Run Recipe

### Python Jupyter Notebook

You can find Jupyter Notebook for this sample in [Keras-DSVM.ipynb](./Keras-DSVM.ipynb).

### Azure CLI 2.0

Under Construction...


## Help or Feedback
--------------------
If you have any problems or questions, you can reach the Batch AI team at [AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com](mailto:AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com) or you can create an issue on GitHub.

We also welcome your contributions of additional sample notebooks, scripts, or other examples of working with Batch AI.

Commit message:

Azure CLI 2.0 instructions for Keras

recipes/Keras/Keras-DSVM/Readme.md, after:

# Keras DSVM

This recipe shows how to run Keras using Batch AI on DSVM. DSVM supports tensorflow, cntk and theano backends for running Keras. Currently only tensorflow and cntk backends supports running on GPU.

## Details

- DSVM has Keras framework preinstalled;
- Standard keras sample script [mnist_cnn.py](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fchollet/keras/master/examples/mnist_cnn.py) is used;
- The script downloads the standard MNIST Database on its own;
- Standard output of the job will be stored on Azure File Share.

## Instructions to Run Recipe

### Python Jupyter Notebook

You can find Jupyter Notebook for this recipe in [Keras-DSVM.ipynb](./Keras-DSVM.ipynb).

### Azure CLI 2.0

You can find Azure CLI 2.0 instructions for this recipe in [cli-instructions.md](./cli-instructions.md).


## Help or Feedback
--------------------
If you have any problems or questions, you can reach the Batch AI team at [AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com](mailto:AzureBatchAITrainingPreview@service.microsoft.com) or you can create an issue on GitHub.

We also welcome your contributions of additional sample notebooks, scripts, or other examples of working with Batch AI.
